Learning & Development | Careers | L&T Corporate
About Us
The L&T Group
Overview
Innovation
Facilities
Awards & Recognition
Annual Review
Experience Centre – Mumbai
Corporate Policies
Leadership
Board of Directors
Chairman Emeritus
Chief Financial Officer
Businesses
Sustainability
Careers
Overview
Campus Engage
Learning & Development
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Renew
Recruitment Caution
Investors
News & Stories
Contact Us
Investors
News & Stories
Contact Us
Corporate
Careers
Learning & Development
LEADERSHIP AND TALENT DEVELOPMENT
Leadership Development Academy
Corporate Technology & Engineering Academy (CTEA)
About L&T Group
Overview
Innovation
Facilities
Awards & Recognition
Annual Review
Board of Directors
Chairman Emeritus
Experience Centre – Mumbai
Corporate Policies
Businesses
Construction
Energy
Manufacturing
Services
Allied Businesses
Careers
Overview
Campus Engage
Learning & Development
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Renew
Recruitment Caution
Contact Us
View all Contacts
Larsen & Toubro Limited
CIN – L99999MH1946PLC004768
L&T House, N.M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 001
Tel:
+91 22 67525656
Fax: +91 22 67525858
Send us a mail:
infodesk@larsentoubro.com
Sustainability
Follow Us
Copyright & Terms
Privacy Policy
© 2026 LARSEN & TOUBRO LIMITED. All rights reserved.
UNMATCHED LEARNING
& GROWTH
Growing with L&T
At L&T, Learning & Development is deeply embedded in our ethos, driving both individual and organisational growth. We have built a legacy of nurturing talent from within. Leveraging cutting-edge AI tools and innovative digital platforms, L&T provides employees with continuous learning opportunities, ensuring that they are equipped with the latest skills.
In alignment with evolving market dynamics, organisational priorities, and our long-term strategic roadmap, our Learning & Development efforts are channelled into key thrust areas that drive business relevance and future readiness:
Anticipate and respond to change
by continuously scanning the external environment and proactively equipping our workforce with future-ready knowledge, skills, and capabilities.
Invest in leadership at all levels
to nurture a pipeline of agile, accountable, and visionary leaders.
Shape responsible corporate citizens
through values-based development and inclusive practices.
Enable global readiness
by building competencies for a multicultural, digitally connected, and globally competitive ecosystem.
Ensure strategic coherence
by synergizing efforts across functions, eliminating redundancy, and creating a cohesive, enterprise-wide learning architecture.
Promote action-oriented learning
by linking learning initiatives directly to on-the-job performance, organizational performance and business impact.
Leverage technology to transform learning experiences
through advanced simulation-based modules, high-tech labs, integrated digital learning platforms, and AI-driven personalization—ensuring scalable, engaging, and adaptive learning aligned with diverse learner needs and evolving business contexts.
A culture of continuous learning and development exists through structured core developmental programmes, and leadership programmes conducted in collaboration with reputed institutions.
Loading...
Key Initiatives
Seven Step Leadership Pipeline
Ascent
Winspire
People Leadership
ATLVarsity
Business Excellence
Academies
Safety Innovation School
Long-Term Education Programmes
The Seven Step Leadership Pipeline is a flagship initiative designed to cultivate visionary leaders who drive L&T’s strategic agenda. These structured programmes are conducted in collaboration with top Business Schools in India and globally, as partners. The seven steps ensure seamless transition of the leaders into roles of increasing responsibility and equips them with critical competencies and global perspectives.
Leadership Development Academy (LDA) is a knowledge centre designed to facilitate the transformation of professionals into visionary leaders capable of leading the way forward for their respective businesses. It is a window to global expertise.
The 24-acre learning campus in Lonavla embodies sustainability & innovation. With 77% of its land covered in greenery, LDA provides a serene environment for corporate training programmes. The campus features state-of-the-art infrastructure, including learning halls, residential facilities, and recreational spaces to enable a comfortable and enjoyable learning experience. LDA achieved the prestigious IGBC Green campus Platinum rating, a testament to its dedication to environmental conservation and sustainability.
Visit the website
Institute of Project Management
L&T’s Institute of Project Management was created with a vision “To develop a premier world class education centre, for creating global project management professionals, thereby making L&T a centre of excellence in project management.”
Certified under ISO 21001, the IPM is dedicated exclusively to advancing project management education and nurturing the L&T way of Project Management. It’s customised project management training programmes are thoughtfully crafted to build core competencies, integrating best practices in project management with insights drawn from academic research, international standards, and L&T’s extensive execution experience.
The Institute has two campuses - Vadodara and Chennai.
As an Authorised Training Partner (ATP) of PMI, USA, L&T IPM offers a diverse portfolio of programs, including:
Project Leadership Development Programs (PLDP)
Project Management Programs for Frontline Professionals
Professional Certification Programs
Customized Programs on Project Management for ecosystem partners
Advisory Services
Visit the website
CTEAs, at Madh (near Mumbai) and Mysore, were established with the objective of developing expertise in Technical and Functional Domains. The Academies are housed at serene and peaceful locations, making them ideal places to learn and grow. CTEA Madh is set amidst 31 acres of lush greenery and swaying palm trees against the backdrop of Versova Creek in Mumbai. The Academy at Mysore is housed in 25 acres in L&T Campus, the city known for its academic and research institutions, heritage buildings and palaces.
Beyond cutting-edge classrooms, both academies place strong emphasis on hands-on experiential learning through world-class technical laboratories, OEM platforms & simulation facilities. CTEA has strong tie-up with premier technological universities like IITs, IISc, DRDO, ISRO & PSUs and Technology Suppliers (OEMs).
CTEA – Madh
CTEA - Mysuru
GD&T (Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing)
Manufacturing Excellence Lab
Fabrication & Advanced CNC Machining Workshop
Field Instrumentation & Calibration Facility
Embedded Systems & VLSI Lab
Safety Excellence Module Lab
PLC & Industrial Automation Centre
CAD/CAM Design Engineering Laboratory
Electrical Drives & Power Systems Lab
Electronics & Industrial Communication Setup
Advance Bosh Rexroth Hydraulics Lab
Advanced Festo Electro- Pneumatics Lab
VR Simulation Lab
IoT & Data Science Innovation Hub
3D Printing & Rapid Prototyping Studio
Robotics & Collaborative Automation (Cobot) Lab
Process Control & Integration Facility